Act like a monkey and record a video of it.
Act like you do not understand human language until your next turn (come up with your own language).
Act like your favourite Disney character for the rest of the game.

Close your eyes and send a blind text to a random person.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.

Everything you say for the next 5 minutes has to rhyme.
Everything you say for the next 5 minutes must not contain the words: 'but', 'a', 'the', 'or'

Make a freestyle rap song about each person in the group
Make a poem using the words 'orange' and 'moose'.
Make a poem using the words 'pineapple' and 'apple'.
Make a poem using the words 'goose' and 'peanuts'.
Make up a poem about the colour blue.
Make up a story about a random person in the group.

Post 'I love English!' on a social media.

Record a video of you dancing, but without music.
Record a video of you playing the air drums to a song of your choice.
Record a video of you playing the air guitar to a song of your choice.
Record an impression of your favourite celebrity.
Record an impression of your favourite animal.
Record your best evil laugh; as loud as you can.
Record your best president impression.
Record yourself saying the alphabet backwards.
Record yourself singing "Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star" while beat boxing.
Record yourself singing the alphabet without moving your mouth.
Record yourself talking about your favourite food in a russian accent.

Say "ya heard meh" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.
Say "you know what am sayin" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.

Text someone asking them if they believe in aliens, send a screenshot of the conversation.
Send an email to one of your teachers, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Send an unsolicited text message to one of your friends, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Send the last photo you took with your phone camera.
Send the last screenshot you took on your phone.
Send the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Send the oldest selfie on your phone.
Send a screenshot of your most recent google search history.
Send a selfie of you making a funny face.

Set your phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes.
Show the last three people you texted and what the messages said.

Text your crush and tell them how much you like them.
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them (ex. SAM : S = Silly ; A = Attractive ; M = Merry)
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind, and record it.
Stand up and do your best impersonation of the person on your right.
Empty your purse, backpack, or wallet and let everyone see what you have.
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.
Go outside to the trash bin and throw a tantrum because someone put trash in it.
Go for a short walk outside and while walking, hold a conversation with yourself.
Go outside, and while skipping down the street, sing “Let it Go’ from Frozen.
Crack an egg on your head.
Choose one inanimate object that is in the room. Now spend the next 2-minutes telling the group what that object is thinking.
For the rest of the game, you must cluck like a chicken at the beginning and end of everything you say.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
For the next 15 minutes, everything you say must be spoken in baby talk.
Smell someone else’s shoes
Stick out your tongue and talk that way until your next turn.
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.
Give 5 dollars to each player if you curse at any point during the game.
Repeat everything the person to your left says until your next turn.
Stand up and dance the twist until your next turn.
Name the person in the room who you think is the best dressed.
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Get a bar of soap from the bathroom and sell it to the group for 3 minutes.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Call the nearest gas station and ask them if they sell hemorrhoid cream.
Let the other players go through your phone for a minute.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose and leave it there for 5 minutes.
Sniff another player’s armpit for 10 seconds.
Take someone with you outside in the sight of the neighbors and stare into the sky until someone asks you what you are looking at, then tell them that you saw a UFO.
Jump into a dumpster.
Take the socks off the person’s feet across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Act like a cheerleader and do a cheer about the host of the party.
For the rest of the game, speak like you are the President of America.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
Give your phone to another player to send a text message to their contact of choice.
Allow the person to your left to cut your hair however they see fit.
Tie your shoe strings together with another person and walk together to the end of the driveway and back.
Take the socks off the person’s feet across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Stick an egg in the microwave and attempt to juggle it for 30 seconds.
Take off your shoe and clean your foot as though you are an animal.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “I was adopted! Nooooooo.”
Make a sandwich while blindfolded.
Get a magazine and go outside. Roll up the magazine, put it on your nose and act and sound like an elephant.
With your eyes closed, pick someone from your contact list and send them a text.
Knock on the neighbor’s door and ask if you can park your helicopter in their driveway.
Pretend like you are drunk for the rest of the game.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Lick a car tire.
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.
Call someone and confess your new-found love for Justin Bieber.
Attempt to lick your elbow for at least five minutes.
Get a mouthful of water and gargle it until your next turn.
Kiss the person to your right on the cheek.
Tell a bizarre 2-minute story about the night you slept in the woods.
Go in the kitchen and rearrange everything in the food pantry in alphabetical order.
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
From now until your next turn, every time someone talks, interrupt by saying, “that’s a lie.”
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Speak in the voice of your favorite cartoon character until your next turn.
Let the person across from you give you a wedgie.
Let your friends pose you and stay like that until the next round.
Awkwardly smell someone else’s hair until they notice.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Make up a short cheer and shout it to the room.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
Call a realtor and show genuine interest in a random house for several minutes.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and like every post on their wall going back to a year.
Make the sound of a dripping faucet until your next turn.
Make a hat out of aluminum foil then put the hat on and post a selfie to social media. Leave the hat on for the duration of the game.
Rearrange all the pictures in the room according to their size.
Serenade the person next to you.
Cover your hair with shaving cream and leave it on until the end of the game.
Be silent and say nothing from now until your next turn.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour
From now until the end of the game, every time you talk, speak like a robot.
Text your mom and tell her that you are expecting a baby.
Make up a song about the host of the party.
Do your best impersonation of someone else in the room and keep going until someone else guesses who you are.
Eat a raw egg.
Make confetti out of a tissue.
Let each player choose one word, then attempt to form a sentence with it and post it to Facebook.
Name the person in the room who you think is the worst dressed.
Sit on your hands for the remainder of the game.
Stand up and do your best impersonation of your mom.
While blindfolded, you must eat something that the person to your left chooses to feed you.
Sniff the person to your left and tell them they smell bad.
Eat a raw onion and do your best not to cry.
Make a sandwich containing every condiment in your refrigerator.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
One by one, make up a title for each players’ movie about their life.
Do the chicken dance to no music until your next turn.
Walk outside frantically carrying an empty leash and approach people asking them if they have seen your pet alligator because it just escaped.
Fill your mouth with water and act like a fountain.
Use ketchup to put the mark of Simba on your forehead.
Do everything with “crab hands” for the rest of the game.
Knock on the neighbor’s door and explain to them that your pet penguin got loose and ask if you can look for it in their backyard.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Bust your best dance move right now.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Describe what the sky looks like without using the words blue or white.
Stick your head in the toilet.
Put a piece of American cheese on your cheek and leave it until your next turn.
Go to the bathroom, and the person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Close your eyes and let everyone draw on you for 5 minutes.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone’s toe.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Exchange shirts with the person to your left and wear it for the remainder of the game.
Eat a single spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.
For the rest of the game you must say your name at the beginning and the end of every sentence you speak.
Let the group choose 3 random things from the refrigerator and mix it together. Then you have to eat it.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Trade socks with the person to your right.
Invent a new color for nail polish and describe the person who would be most likely to wear it.
Put makeup on the person sitting the farthest away from you.
Hang your socks from your ears until the end of the game.
Make eye contact with a player and don’t break it until it’s your turn again.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Go into the bathroom and look in the cabinet. Write a short summary of what you find and read it to the group.
Tell someone something negative you have said about them in private.
Have the person to your right do 10 squats while you lie underneath them.
Dump a bunch of legos on the floor and walk over it with your bare feet.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Imagine the person to your left is your pet, talk to them as though you just got home.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Text your siblings and tell them that you just found out you are adopted.
Imagine that you are a dog and act like it until your next turn.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can and you have to lick it.
Turn your pants inside out and wear them.
You notice that the person sitting on your right has something on their face, spit on your finger and wipe it off for them.
Dance aggressively until you run out of breath.
Be blindfolded and let someone feed you something.
Describe to the group what your last bathroom experience was like.
Reenact what you think it is like to give birth.
Wear your clothes backward for the duration of the game.
For the rest of the game, you must only communicate using animal sounds.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Whoever’s name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Text a friend and tell them their hair is backward.
Every time someone chooses dare, walk across the floor like a crab, and embrace them with a hug.
Open Facebook and “like” the first thing that pops up even if you disagree with it.
Get down on one knee and propose to the person on your left.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the rest of the game.
For the next 10 minutes, when someone speaks, put your ear up close to them and act as though you can’t hear what they are saying.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under it, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
I dare you to tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Give the player to your right a piggyback ride around the room.
Take a shot of lime juice.
Bite down on both of your pinky fingers for fifteen seconds, then tightly interlock your pinkies.
Eat a small portion of toothpaste.
Moonwalk down the street in front of your house.
Lick the ear of the player across from you.
Seduce a stuffed animal.
Smell all the other players’ breath and rate it 1-10.
Prank call the last person that called you.
Let the other players give you a makeover, using condiments as makeup.
Put your finger in another player’s nose.
Lick a bar of soap.
Do 25 sit ups.
Sing the alphabet backwards, every time you mess up another player is allowed to pinch you.
Hum a song of your choice, don’t stop until someone correctly guesses the song.
Hug a stranger and don’t let go for five seconds.
Do the splits, or go down as far as you can if you can’t do a full split.
Eat a piece of food without using your hands
Eat a spoonful of cinnamon.
Wear a necklace made out of floss, which another player has just used, for the next 5 rounds.
Do your best touchdown celebration dance.
Trade one article of clothing with another player for the next 2 rounds.
Put peanut butter between your toes and let a dog lick it off, or sit with it there for the next 4 rounds if no dog is nearby.
Cut another player’s toenails.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes for the next ten minutes.
Put an ice cube down your pants and let it melt.
Pretend like you are embarrassed for other people to see your thumbs.
Take a bite out of a stick of chapstick or lipstick.
Go commando for the next 5 rounds.
Drink a glass of water while upside down.
Allow the other players to do your eyebrows.
Do a wall sit for 60 seconds.
Passionately makeup with the palm of your hand.
Chew a piece of gum with the wrapper still on.
Put your finger in your ear and then lick your finger.
Only speak using song lyrics for the next 3 rounds.
Let the other players wrap you up in toilet paper and stay like that for the rest of the game.
Lick your big toe.
Close your eyes and have another player place your finger on a part of their body, then guess what part you are touching.
Shave a strip of hair from your arm.
Make the ugliest face you can make.
Take a shot of toilet water.
Tie your hands to your ankles and stay like that for the next 4 rounds.
Chug a glass of milk.
Stick your hand in the toilet bowl for 3 seconds.
Put as many marshmallows in your mouth as you can.
Do your best yodel.
Eat a clove of garlic.
Communicate only by whistling for the next 5 minutes.
Drink a mystery cocktail created by the other players.
Eat a booger.
Skip backward in a circle while saying a tongue twister.
Make a sandwich, blindfolded.
Smell all of the other players’ feet.
Shave off one of your eyebrows.
Let another player rock you like a baby.
Lick another player’s palm.
Eat a raw onion.
Give yourself a scalp massage using vegetable oil.
Bite another player’s fingernails.
Lick the elbow of the person beside you
Roast everybody that is playing the game.
Play imaginary limbo. How low can you go?
Eat a tablespoon of butter.
Go as long as you can without blinking.
Try to kick yourself in the face.
Chew on a piece of tape for the remainder of the round.
Allow the other players to send one text to anyone in your contact list.
Get a stranger to smell your breath.
Chew on a piece of tin foil for 30 seconds.
Take off your socks using only your teeth.
Do the worm.
Sit with a wet sponge on your head for the next 5 rounds.
Let your dog lick you on the mouth.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Draw a face on your stomach and talk using your stomach face for the next 5 rounds.
Ask your neighbor if they’ve seen your missing tractor, imply that they stole it.
Do your best Michael Jackson impersonation.
Call Subway or a local sub shop and ask how long their foot long sub is.
Smell another player’s armpit.
Dance to your favorite song, in its entirety, in your driveway.
Eat a banana with the peel on.
Do jumping jacks until it is your turn again.
Stand on one leg for 10 minutes.
Eat a banana and then chug a can of sprite.
Do your best acceptance speech for an award of your choice.
Take a deep breath of the socks you are wearing right now.
Walk like a crab for 3 minutes.
Call your mom and tell her you got engaged.
Play the next 3 rounds with a slice of onion underneath both of your eyes.
Show the other players the five most recent photos in your camera roll.
Give the person to your left a foot rub.
Talk like Shakespeare for the next 3 rounds.
Allow another player to “mama bird” a piece of food, to you, the “baby bird”.
Choose another player to give you a wet willy.
Put on makeup without looking in a mirror.
What is a common skill (ex. Whistling), that you do not possess?
Make up a song and sing it.
Eat a leaf.
Pour a glass of ice water on your head.
Wear your pants backwards for the next 3 rounds.
Hula hoop for 2 minutes.
Lick the floor.
Lick another player’s toes.
Allow another player to slap you in the face.
Eat a piece of toilet paper.
Lick your own armpit.
Tickle the next person you see who is not playing the game.
Try to sing a song with a mouthful of water.
Cut some of your hair, even if it is just a small strand.
Suck on your thumb for the next 3 rounds
Take off another player’s sock without using your hands.
Let another player draw something on your face.
Peel a potato with your teeth.
Finish another player’s drink.
Open the closest book to a random page, point at a random sentence, and then text that sentence to the last person that texted you without giving any other context.
Post a picture of your toilet on social media, with a “deep” quote as the caption.
Eat a piece of dog food and try to convince the other players it’s delicious.
Play the next 3 rounds blindfolded.
Eat a piece of fruit off of the stomach of the player to your right.
Let another player post something on one of your social media accounts.
Do the salt and ice challenge.
Go to the bathroom, take off your underwear and put it on your head. Wear it on your head for the rest of the game.
Eat a piece of dog or cat food.
Act like an 80-year-old man for two straight minutes.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Using your elbows only, type out a Facebook status update and post it.
Close your eyes and do a weird dance.
Let someone shave part of your body.
Sing the entire alphabet without opening your mouth more than a crack.
Brush the teeth of the person sitting next to you.
Screenshot your browser history and text it to the group.
Bend at the waist so that you are looking behind you between your legs. Now run backward until you can tag someone with your butt.
Eat a raw egg.
Talk in an accent for the next three rounds
Talk about your crush (and why you like them) for one hundred and twenty seconds.
Dance to a song of the group’s choosing.
Be someone’s pet for the next five minutes.
Drop something in the toilet and then reach in to get it.
Screenshot your browser history and text it to your parents.
Run in place while meowing for two straight minutes.
Act like the family pet (or your favorite animal if you don’t have a pet) until it’s your turn again.
Keep a restaurant on the line for five straight minutes. Use a British accent and then cancel your order at the last second.
Send a video of yourself dabbing to your parents without any explanation whatsoever.
Walk on your hands from one side of the room to the other. You can ask someone to hold your legs if necessary.
Call up your crush and tell them a joke and say, “Goodnight,” right after the punchline.
Make every person in the group smile; keep going until everyone has cracked a smiled.
Jump up and down while reciting the Pledge of Allegiance.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Eat three spoonfuls of a condiment you hate.
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body with a permanent marker (that can be hidden with clothing).
Quack like a duck before speaking for the rest of the game.
Try to juggle two or three items of the group’s choosing.
Recite the alphabet out loud while doing high knees the entire time.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Grab a trash can and make a hoop with your hands above the trash can. Have other members of the group try to shoot trash through your impromptu trashketball hoop. (No bottles or other injury-causing trash should be thrown. Once again, no trips to the hospital please.)
Play a song by slapping your butt cheeks till someone guesses the song.
Prank call your crush.
Prank call your bestie’s boyfriend/girlfriend.
Put chocolate syrup on a pickle and eat it.
Text your parents something you know will upset them. Wait ten minutes before calling them to explain yourself.
Sell a piece of trash to someone in the group. Use your best salesmanship.
Switch clothes with someone of the opposite sex in the group for three rounds.
Pole-dance for 1 minute with an imaginary pole.
Attempt to break dance for thirty seconds.
Call the parents of someone in the room. Explain to them why you love their kid so much, then hang up without explanation.
Dump an entire cup of flour over your head.
Go for a short walk outside and while walking, have a conversation with yourself.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for three minutes while the game continues.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next minute.
Call a random person and sing them a song.
Imagine something in the room. Now, spell it with your nose. Keep spelling it with your nose until someone from the group guesses what you are trying to spell.
Go outside and dance like a cowboy.
Ask a pet animal out on a date without cracking a smile or laughing.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other. You’ll need to be wearing shorts or pants for this
For a guy, put on make-up. For a girl, wash off your make-up.
Imitate a celebrity for three minutes every time you talk.
Do the Worm.
Prank call your parents.
Crossdress, take a photo of yourself and send it to your parents.
Grab a broom and impersonate a flying witch for two straight minutes.
Eat a handful of dry noodles.
Blindfold yourself and walk around the room for two straight minutes without stopping.
Mummify yourself with as many rolls of toilet paper as you can find.
Let the person to your left draw on your face with a pen.
Keep your eyes closed until it’s your turn again.
Find a person whose first name has the same first letter as your first name. Or whomever’s first name’s first letter is closest to yours. Now lick their face.
Do your best impression of a mime stuck in a box.
Make a funny face and keep making it for two minutes while the game continues.
Put a dollop of peanut butter on your nose and try to lick it off.
Entertain us all with your best five-minute comedy act.
Kiss a pillow for two straight minutes.
Spank the person sitting next to you.
Pants the person to your left.
Do your best impressions of your favorite cartoon character.
Call a Chinese restaurant and order a pizza.
Call the seventh contact in your phone and sing them thirty seconds of a song that the group chooses.
After the group chooses one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once into every line of the song.
No talking. Pretend to be food. Don’t pretend to eat the food, pretend to be the food. Keep pretending until someone in the group guesses the food you are.
Call up your mom and sing her a song without any explanation whatsoever.
Let two people give you a wet willy at the same time.
Text someone random a really bad joke.
Sniff the armpits of everyone in the room.
Act like a chicken until it’s your turn again.
Run outside and scream, “I am a golden god,” five times at the top of your lungs.
Put four ice cubes down your pants.
Stand on one leg and bark for two straight minutes while flapping your arms like a chicken.
Curse like a sailor for twenty seconds straight.
Dance with no music for one minute.
Belly dance like your life depended on it.
Make up a thirty-second opera about a person or people in the group and perform it.
Open a bag of snacks or candy using only your mouth, no hands or feet.
Spin around ten times and then sprint fifty feet forward.
Come up with a unique dance and perform it for the group for two straight minutes.
Screenshot your last text thread with your bestie and send it to your parents.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have and post it on Facebook.
Slap yourself in the face anytime someone says ‘and’ in the next three minutes.
Kiss someone’s bare foot.
Pour a freezing cold glass of water over your face without reacting.
Put as many pieces of cheese puffs in your mouth at one time as you can.
Serenade the person to your right.
Make up a story about the person to your right.
Empty your purse, backpack or wallet and let everyone see what you have.
Passionately kiss the back of your hand and let someone record it.
Eat a raw onion and do your best not to cry.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Do your best president impression.
Exchange one clothing item with the player on your right.
Text your mom and tell them you’re pregnant, or if you’re a boy, say that you’re going to be a dad.
Spritz perfume into your mouth.
For guys: Briefly walk like a lady in high heels.
One by one, make up a title for each player’s movie about their life.
Go a whole minute without blinking.
Laugh out loud at everything the person to your left says until it’s your turn.
Go outside and pick exactly forty blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see and like every post on their wall in the last year.
Become the slave of another player of your choosing for five minutes.
Jump into a dumpster.
Go up to someone and scare them.
Seduce a member of the same gender in the group.
Let a player write something on your forehead and don’t wipe it off until the end of the game.
Give someone in the group all the money you have in your purse.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
Do a handstand for one minute.
Go to the bathroom and the person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Head outside and talk to a random stranger as if they’re an old friend you haven’t seen in years.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
Stick an egg in the microwave and then attempt to juggle it for thirty seconds.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Call a pizza place and order three hundred sardine pizzas.
Climb on top of a table and sing something.
Act like a dog for two minutes without laughing.
Eat a single spaghetti noodle like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.
Act like you do not understand your language until your next turn (come up with your own language).
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Say ‘banana’ after everything you say until it’s your turn again.
Describe what the sky looks like without using the words blue or white.
Moonwalk everywhere you go.
Go outside and carry a sign that says ‘kiss me if you think I’m attractive’.
Dance with a broom or mop.
Once you have your eyes closed, feel someone’s face and guess who it is.
Act like you’re drunk for the rest of the game.
Ask for money on the street by telling a funny story and saying nothing credible.
Draw a face around your belly button.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for thirty seconds.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Sniff the armpit of the player to your right.
Impersonate someone in the room and people have to guess who it is.
Cover your hair with shaving cream and leave it on until the end of the game.
Sing everything you say for the next ten minutes.
Apply make-up without looking in the mirror.
Awkwardly smell someone else’s hair until they notice.
Every time someone chooses a dare, walk across the floor like a crab and embrace them with a hug.
Knock on a neighbor’s door and ask if you can park your
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone’s toe.
Declare who your true love is.
Ring a random person from your phone and confess that you’re in love with a fictional character.
Knock on your neighbor’s door and tell them how grateful they should be to live next to someone so awesome.
Text your mom the last picture saved on your phone.
Dump a bunch of Lego on the floor and walk over it with your bare feet.
From now until your next turn, every time someone talks, interrupt by saying, “That’s a lie.”
Go outside to the trash bin and throw a tantrum because someone put trash in it.
Let each person in the group slap you on your butt as hard as they can.
Have the person to your right do ten squats while you lie underneath them.
Eat a tablespoon of butter.
Sit there in nothing but your underwear.
Cover your hair with milk and don’t wash it off until the end of the game.
Ask a random stranger to make out with you.
Let someone in the group give you a wedgie.
Completely shave off one of your eyebrows.
Mix all the sauces you have in your fridge and drink up.
Pretend that you’re a sheep for no reason whatsoever.
Sing and dance in the street like crazy.
Screenshot a picture of your browser history and send it to a random person in your contacts.
You notice that the person sitting on your right has something on their face. Spit on your finger and wipe it off for them.
Lick a car tire.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “I was adopted! Nooooooo.”
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Let another player crack an egg on your head.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Lift up the couch cushions and if there is anything under them, you need to put it in your mouth for ten seconds.
Speak in a baby’s voice for the next five things you have to say.
For the next ten minutes, when someone speaks, put your ear up close to them and act as though you can’t hear what they are saying.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can and you have to lick it.
Allow the person to your left to cut your hair however they see fit.
Embrace the first person you see in the street.
Say something very intimate.
Stick a hot Cheeto in your nose and leave it there for five minutes.
Kiss the person to your left.
Give someone a massage for five minutes.
Try to sing a song with your mouth full of a drink.
Allow another player to throw flour in your face.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Stand up and run on the spot as fast as you can until it’s your turn.
Take someone’s socks off and wear them like gloves for three minutes.
Say the alphabet backward in fifteen seconds.
Wear a finger mustache for the next five minutes.
Sit among other players wearing only your underwear.
Tell a stranger walking past that you love them.
Invent a new color for nail polish and describe the person who would be most likely to wear it.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Act like an old person.
Have a full conversation with yourself in a mirror.
Let someone wax your back.
Sing everything you say for the rest of the game.
Dip a toothbrush into the toilet water and brush your teeth with it.
Film a makeup tutorial and post it to Facebook.
Do 10 pushups.
Call a tattoo shop and ask if they can tattoo 30 teardrops on your face.
Do the worm.
Run down the street with a wet T-shirt on.
Let the person to your left do your makeup.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
Blindfold someone and have them kiss three objects.
Give yourself a 10-second manicure. Every nail must be painted.
Take your bra off under your shirt and don’t put it back on until the end of the game.
Sing the “I Love You” Barney song.
Go outside and hug a tree.
Let someone in the group cut a piece of your hair.
Shave one of your arms.
Be blindfolded for the rest of the game.
Eat an ant.
Put hot sauce on ice cream and eat it.
Give yourself a permanent marker mustache.
Tweet or update your Facebook status to “I think eggplants are sexy.”
Lick a doorknob.
Make a hand puppet by drawing a face on your hand, and use your hand to say what you want to say.
Hold your nose while talking.
Call Walmart and ask if they do makeovers for prom.
For the next 15 minutes, everything you say must be spoken in baby talk.
Call a random number and try to flirt with the person who picks up.
Use three items in the fridge as lotion.
Make a silly face and keep it that way until the next round.
Do 50 situps.
Lick the wall.
Silently do the macarena.
Run around the house with a pair of underwear on your head.
Put your shoes on the wrong feet and keep them there.
Drink water straight from a running faucet for a whole minute.
Let people throw food at you.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes.
Rub mayonnaise in your hair and leave it on for the rest of the game.
Attempt to breakdance.
Stuff ice inside your bra and leave it there for 60 seconds.
Call a guy of the group’s choosing and tell him he’s the ugliest person you’ve ever met.
Give everyone in the room a hug.
Soak a shirt in water, put in the fridge for 20 minutes, and then wear it.
Let everyone rummage through your purse.
Trade clothes with the person next to you.
Brush the teeth of the person sitting next to you.
Post a really long and serious Facebook status confessing your love for chocolate.
Move across the floor using on your hands.
Kneel for an hour.
Text your crush and tell him you love him.
Sing like an opera singer.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Do a hula dance.
Dip your finger in the toilet, and then kiss that finger.
Let each person in the group crack an egg on your head.
Get on your knees and walk like that until the end of the game.
Admit on Facebook that you still wear a training bra.
Twerk to an NSYNC song.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
Grab a broom and do your sexiest dance with it.
You have to entirely redress yourself with whatever you find in the kitchen.
Try to take off your underwear without flashing anyone.
Use your butt to give a speech to the group about gas prices (or something else of your choosing).
If you’re at your home, pretend you’re an auctioneer auctioning off your favorite grownup toy, giving details about why you like it. If you’re at someone else’s home, use something that looks kind of like it.
Touch tongues with someone.
Choreograph a new dance inspired by the act of doing and folding laundry. Make it sexy.
Demonstrate your best technique for you-know-what on your finger.
Put a bra on your head and pretend you’re a DJ rocking it really hard for one minute.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Fake it for 10 seconds.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Draw eyes above your belly button and give a presidential address as this character.
Put a sock in your pants and pretend it’s your junk for the rest of the night.
Give a detailed presentation on your sexual moves in the style of a TED talk.
Shave one of your arms.
Put someone else’s underwear on your head.
Take off your bra but leave your shirt on.
Put on a pair of heels and take off your pants (not in that order).
Read two paragraphs from a book of someone’s choice.
Cry like a baby for one full minute.
Hold hands with the person next to you.
Send a romantic text message to a girl of the group’s choosing.
Walk like a crab for the rest of the game.
Skype/FaceTime someone and pick your nose during the conversation.
Take embarrassing pictures and Snapchat them to people.
Post something embarrassing on Facebook for 1 minute, then delete it.
For the rest of the game, you can’t say “I.”
Draw a tattoo with marker on your bicep.
Mix orange juice and milk and drink it.
Eat a mouthful of raw pasta.
Talk like a robot.
Make a hat out of foil and wear it.
Hop on one foot wherever you have to go.
Call a random girl from your class and tell her you want to break up.
Lay on the floor and act like a piece of frying bacon.
Crack an egg over your head.
Wear women’s clothing and walk down the street. Then, take a selfie and post it to your social media accounts.
Shave off all the hair on one leg.
Cover your whole face in blush.
Drink a soda and belch as loud as possible.
Stick your bare foot in the toilet for a minute.
Remove your underwear and throw them in the garbage.
Make yourself a diaper out of a dishtowel and wear it outside your clothes.
Lick a dog or cat treat and pretend to thoroughly enjoy it.
Chug a cup of milk.
Make fart noises with your armpit.
Give yourself a mohawk.
Act like Elvis
Lick the toilet seat.
Knock on your neighbor’s door and ask if they have a spare condom.
Tape your mouth shut.
Coat your hands in food coloring and don’t wash them off for 10 minutes.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Make up a wrap about koalas.
Tie your shirt up to expose your midriff and twerk.
Suck your big toe.
Put on mascara.
Kiss the person to your right on the back of their neck.
Eat a spoonful of sugar and act like you’re really hyper.
Use your feet as your hands, picking up anything you need with your toes.
Pluck a single nose hair.
Wet your socks and freeze them.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
Build a pillow fort and sit in it.
Make a mask on your face using wet toilet paper.
Snapchat a picture of your elbow and caption it: “My favorite part of my body.”
Put all of your clothes on backward.
Color your teeth with lipstick.
embarrassing-dares
Wear lipstick for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of wasabi.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce without drinking anything after.
Write on Facebook: “I’m a size 36 C.”
Let everyone look through your search history for 2 minutes.
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Take a picture of yourself next to bra and post in on Instagram.
Lick peanut butter off of someone’s armpit.
Smear peanut butter all over your face for a 30-minute facial.
Eat a handful of uncooked rice.
Exchange shirts with the player to your right.
Bite all of your toenails off.
Eat 10 Oreo cookies that are filled with mayo.
Call a random guy and flirt with him in a girly voice.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Do 20 pushups.
Feed someone almonds using just your mouth.
You have to say “I’m just a silly boy” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
Go hide somewhere in the house until the next round starts. No one is going to come find you, but you must remain hidden.
Put in your headphones and put on your favorite song and dance to it.
Make as many different sounds with your lips as you can.
Make out with your hand to “The Song That Never Ends” (look it up on YouTube)
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Make as many different fart sounds as you can.
Give a detailed presentation on how you woo a lover in the style of a TED talk.
Someone gets to draw something on your face (with just a pen, not a permanent marker).
Give your junk a name and then give a stream of consciousness speech talking as it.
Try to hit on someone in this group like you’re at a bar.
Slap your butt and say “I’ve been bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, naughty!”
Pretend like you’re making sweet, sweet, love to the couch for one and a half minutes.
Imitate the sounds of both sides of your most recent romantic encounter.
Demonstrate to the room how to put a condom on using a banana.
Put on a dance song and grind with a pillow for one minute.
Take off your shirt and pants, lay down on the ground, and act like a dolphin that’s gotten stranded on land for one minute.
You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
Cook two bags of popcorn. Eat all of it as fast as you can, but in the sexiest way possible.
Let the person across from you give you a wedgie.
Trade socks with the person to your right.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
Sniff another player’s armpit for 10 seconds.
Have the person to your right do 10 squats while you lie underneath them.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can, and you have to lick it.
One by one, make up a title for each player’s movie about their life.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Serenade the person next to you.
Let your friends pose you and stay like that until the next round.
Go to the bathroom, and the person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Let each player choose one word, then attempt to form a sentence with it and post it to Facebook.
Eat a single spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Empty your purse, backpack, or wallet and let everyone see what you have.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Let the other players go through your phone for a minute.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the rest of the game.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone’s toe.
Give your phone to another player to send a text message to their contact of choice.
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.
Take the socks off the person’s feet across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Whoever’s name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.
Let the person next to you wax you wherever they want.
Be blindfolded and let someone feed you something.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
