Are you a hard-working student?
Are you into any sports?
Are you scared of any animals?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
Are you scared of ghosts?
Are you still a virgin?

Can you lick your elbow?
Can you see yourself being married to the creepiest kid a your school someday?
Can you speak a different language?
Can you touch your tongue to your nose?
Can you use a pogo stick?
Could you go a week without junk food?
Could you go two months without talking to your friends?

Describe the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Describe the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
Describe your most recent dream that you recall.
Describe your most recent romantic encounter.
Describe your worst kiss ever.

Do you believe in love at all?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Do you have a hidden talent? What is it?
Do you have a job? If so, what is your favourite thing about it?
Do you have an imaginary friend?
Do you have any phobias?
Do you have any unusual talents?
Do you know how to cook?
Do you know how to dance?
Do you like doing chores?
Do you like to exercise?
Do you message people during your classes?
Do you prefer apple or android?
Do you sing in the shower? What song did you sing the last time?
Do you think you will marry your bf/gf? If not, why not?

Explain to the person you like least in this group why you like them the least.
Have you been in any fights while in school?
Have you ever been kissed yet? If so, who was your best kiss?
Have you ever bitten a toenail?
Have you ever blamed a fart on an animal?
Have you ever blamed something that you have done on one of your siblings?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
Have you ever climbed a tree?
Have you ever crapped your pants since you were a child?
Have you ever eaten food that you've dropped on the ground? If so, how long was it on the ground?
Have you ever fallen asleep during a class?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Have you ever had a crush on someone that your best friend has dated?
Have you ever had someone write an assignment or a work for you?
Have you ever kissed an animal?
Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Have you ever lied to your parents about if you were in classes or not?
Have you ever lied to your parents about what you were doing after school?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
Have you ever posted something on the internet/social media that you regret?
Have you ever pulled a prank on one of your teachers?
Have you ever received a love letter?
Have you ever ridden the bus without paying the fare?
Have you ever stolen something of value worth more than $10?
Have you ever stolen something?
Have you ever taken money from your roommate?
Have you ever taken money that didn't belong to you?
Have you ever thrown a party at your house?
Have you ever told a lie during a game of Truth or Dare? What was it and why?
Have you ever told one of your best friend's secrets, even if you said you wouldn't?
Have you ever used someone else's password?
Have you ever watched an adult film without your parents knowing?
Have you ever worn the same clothes for more than three days?

How do you feel about end pieces of a loaf of bread?
How do you feel about social media?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
How many boyfriends (or girlfriends) have you had?
How many days could you go without your partner?
How many kids would you like to have?
How many siblings do you have?
How many times have you skipped class for no reason?
How old were you when your parents sat you down for "the talk" and what did they say (or not say) about "the birds and the bees"?
How soon did you realize that you were in love with your partner?
How soon did/do you want start a family?
How was your first kiss?

If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
If you could be a superhero; what would your power be?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be?
If you could be any dinosaur; which would it be?
If you could be any super villain; who would you be?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
If you could dye your hair any colour, what colour would you pick?
If you could erase one past experience, what would it be?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could make one wish right this second, what would it be?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could own your own business one day, what would it be?
If you could own your own business one day; what would it be?
If you could switch lives with any celebrity for a day, who would it be?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
If you could, what would you change about your life?
If you had never met your partner, where do you think you would be?
If you had the choice to live on your own right now, would you do it?
If you have ever cheated, why did you do it?
If you suddenly had a million dollars; what would you do with all of your money?
If you were a billionaire, what would you spend your time doing?
If you were rescuing everyone here from a burning building, but you had to leave one behind, who would it be?
If you were to be stuck on a deserted island, which friend would you want with you?
If you were to be trapped on an island for 3 days, what would you take with you?

Of the people in this group, who are you the most jealous of?
Of the people in this group, who do you disagree with most frequently?
Of the people in this group, who do you most want to switch lives with and why?
Of the people in this group, who would you feel most comfortable with naked?

Talk about about the last time someone unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.
Talk about about your most awkward date.
Talk about the best vacation you've ever been on?
Tell us about your most embarrassing vomit story.
Tell us about your your first kiss.

What are the three qualities you feel are most important in a friend?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What are your must have future wife/husband qualities.
What are your three favourite colours, and why?

What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?
What do you daydream about the most?
What do you do when you are alone at home?
What do you like most and least about your own appearance?
What do you like most and least about your personality?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about you?
What do you think is your biggest fear?
What do you think is your biggest flaw?
What do you think is your biggest insecurity?
What do you think is your biggest strength?
What do you think is your biggest weakness?

What is one embarrassing fact about you?
What is one lie your partner/best friend tells everyone else, but you know the truth?
What is one misconception about you?
What is one thing that you've always wanted to do?
What is one thing you wish people knew about you?

What is something childish that you still do?
What is something that people think you would never do but you have?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is something you're glad your parents don't know about you?
What is something you’ve done to try to be 'cooler'?

What is the biggest lie you've ever told without getting caught?
What is the biggest romantic fail you've ever experienced?
What is the biggest secret you've ever kept from your parents?
What is the craziest thing that you have ever done without your parents knowing?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done to attract a crush?
What is the cruelest thing you've ever done to a friend?
What is the first thing you'd do if you woke up one day and you were the opposite sex?
What is the longest that you have ever been without taking a shower?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without the internet?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without your smartphone?
What is the longest time you have ever been grounded?
What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
What is the meanest thing you've ever said to someone?
What is the most annoying thing that your siblings do?
What is the most awkward experience you've had with a crush?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
What is the most disgusting habit of yours?
What is the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
What is the most embarrassing photo you have on your phone?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your web browser history (Assume you've never had Incognito mode on.)?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What is the most evilest thing you've ever done?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What is the most expensive thing you own?
What is the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
What is the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is the stupidest thing that you've done in front of a crowd?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What is the weirdest thing that your parents have caught you doing?
What is the weirdest thing you've done when you were alone?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever done in front of the mirror?

What is your best talent?
What is your biggest fantasy?
What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your biggest regret?
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?
What is your deepest darkest fear?
What is your dream job?
What is your dream wedding?
What is your favourite TV show?
What is your favourite animal?
What is your favourite game to play?
What is your favourite holiday and why?
What is your favourite kind of clothing?
What is your favourite movie?
What is your favourite place to go out to eat?
What is your favourite school subject?
What is your favourite season of the year?
What is your favourite song that is out right now?
What is your favourite song?
What is your favourite sport?
What is your favourite sports team?
What is your favourite thing about your partner?
What is your favourite thing to do after school?
What is your favourite thing to do on the weekends?
What is your favourite vegetable?
What is your favourite way of getting attention from the opposite sex?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your partner's most annoying habit?
What is your real GPA?
What is your shoe size?
What is your weirdest habit?

What was the best day of your life?
What was the biggest mistake of your life?
What was the cruelest joke you ever played on someone?
What was the last lie that you told your best friend?
What was the last thing you ate?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
What was the strangest dream you have ever had?
What was the worst encounter you had with a police officer?

What was your childhood ambition?
What was your childhood nickname?
What was your first impression of your partner?
What was your funniest first date ever?
What was your partner's childhood nickname?
What was your scariest nightmare?

What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?
What would you do if your parents left the house to you for a whole week?

When did you learn how to ride a bike?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you picked your nose without a tissue?
When was the last time you shit yourself?
When was the last time you were flat-out rejected and how did you handle it?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?

Where is the strangest place you have peed?
Where was your first kiss?
Which celebrity would you like to a date?

Who do you admire the most?
Who do you think you act more like, your father or your mother?
Who have you loved but they didn't love you back?
Who here knows something about you that you wouldn't want revealed?
Who is most important to you?
Who is the best roommate that you have ever had?
Who is the most annoying person you know?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
Who is the person you're in love with?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had, why?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had; why?

Who is your best friend?
Who is your best looking teacher that you have ever had?
Who is your crush at school?
Who is your favourite Disney character?
Who is your favourite friend?
Who is your favourite in-law?
Who is your favourite person and why?
Who is your favourite singer?
Who is your favourite teacher, and why?
Who is your least favourite in-law?

Who is/was your celebrity crush?
Who taught you how to tie your shoes?
Would you drop out of school if you were to win the lottery?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
Would you ever get on a dating website?
Would you leave your partner if it meant that you would be very rich?
Would your partner trade you for a million dollars?

What personality trait does you least like about your partner/best friend?
What prejudice do you secretly harbour?
What celebrity are you obsessed with?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
What terrible thing have you done that you lied to cover up?
Your house is burning down and you have to get out fast. You can take one thing with you, what would it be?
How old were you when you got your first cell phone?
Do you prefer Facebook or Twitter?
Of the people in this room, who would you feel most comfortable with naked?
Have you ever had an argument with someone through text?
Say your biggest fear in life.
Describe your favorite activity when you’re alone.
Who would rather be stuck on a desert island: the person on your left or on your right?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done when you were alone?
What’s the biggest dating disappointment you’ve experienced so far?
Do you have any tattoos and if so, where?
Have you ever met a celebrity, if so, who?
What is the best time of day for you?
Describe the worst day you’ve ever had.
What’s the biggest secret you’ve ever kept from your boyfriend or girlfriend?
Who was your first crush?
At what age did you first start having sexy thoughts and what prompted them?
When is the last time you brushed your teeth?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
Have you ever shoplifted or stolen anything?
What was the last thing you ate?
Have you ever been married?
Do you prefer mushy movies or funny ones?
What do you like to do when you are with your friends?
For parents: which is your favorite child? For children: which is your favorite parent?
What’s your favorite sex toy (hypothetically, or from experience)?
Describe the worst date you’ve ever been on.
What sexual activity do you consider totally off limits?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
What’s the one thing you’d do in bed with someone if you had no inhibitions whatsoever?
Of the people in this room, who do you consider the sluttiest?
What three adjectives best describe your private parts?
Have you ever blamed your sibling for something you did just so that you wouldn’t get in trouble?
Where do you like to go when you’re feeling down?
What do you like to wear when no one is around?
What would you guess your parents’ favorite sexual position is, and why?
What is your favorite month and why?
How many different languages can you speak and what are they?
What food do you absolutely despise?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the first thing you’d do if you woke up one day and you were the opposite sex?
Have you ever sent a love message to your boss by accident that was meant for someone else?
If you didn’t have to work, what would you do with all your time?
Have you ever failed a test? What was it?
What is your favorite song?
What would you change about your love life if you could?
What’s sexual milestone has been most memorable for you so far?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done in front of the mirror?
Have you ever been to the opera?
When is the last time you took a shower?
What is your most regrettable kiss?
What’s the grossest thing that’s come out of your body?
What’s the most surprising thing that’s ever turned you on?
What’s the biggest romantic fail you’ve ever experienced?
What is the grossest thing you’ve ever eaten?
Who is your favorite teacher and why?
Who is your most annoying neighbor?
How old were you when your parents sat you down for “the talk” and what did they say (or not say) about “the birds and the bees”?
Who would you rather live with: Miley Cyrus, Snoop Dogg, or Adam Levine?
What’s your biggest sexual fear?
What season is your favorite?
How many people can someone sleep with before you secretly judge them for their “number”?
Of the people in this room, who do you most want to make out with?
When’s the last time you were flat-out rejected and how did you handle it?
Do you like to read and if so, what is your favorite book?
If you could make out with any celebrity right this second, who would it be?
What’s the most disturbing fantasy or dream you’ve ever had?
Of the people in this room, who do you most want to caress?
If you could be someone else for a day who would you be?
What do you like most and least about your significant other’s appearance?
What time of day do you feel most aroused and what do you usually do about it?
What’s the most flirtatious thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the funniest urge you’ve ever had?
Which do you like better, cars or trucks?
Tell us about your favorite possession.
What’s the cruelest thing you’ve ever done to a boyfriend or girlfriend?
What’s your favorite go-to move for getting attention from the opposite sex?
What was the best day you ever had?
What is your favorite fruit?
What is the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What is one thing your grandparents taught you how to do?
If you only had two minutes to get out of your house, what would you grab?
What do you like to put on your toast?
What does the perfect male/female body look like (from head to toe and everything in between) in your opinion?
What is your least favorite time of the day?
How old were you when you had your first crush?
What is your favorite outdoor pastime?
If you could be fluent in one of these languages which would it be: Chinese, French or Russian?
Have you ever been to the zoo?
What’s the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What’s the most awkward experience you’ve had with a crush?
What was the name of the street you grew up on?
Did you have a nickname as a child and if so, what was it?
If you could erase one past sexual experience, what would it be?
Who is the person you are the most jealous of and why?
Of the people in this room, who would you most want to have a kid with?
What do you like most and least about your own appearance?
Which do you like better, Coca-Cola or Pepsi?
What’s the biggest sexual regret you have?
Who was your longest secret crush?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever said to someone you had a crush on?
Do you have a special talent and if so, what is it?
What is something you have never told anyone in this room?
What’s the most number of times you’ve ever masturbated within one week?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told your boyfriend or girlfriend—without getting caught?
What’s the dirtiest thought you’ve ever had?
Name the three websites you visit the most.
What is your favorite vegetable?
Do you ever catch yourself thinking about doing it with someone of the same sex?
Who would you rather marry: Brad Pitt, Zach Efron, or Antonio Banderas?
Have you ever been outside of the country?
What did you think about the first (or last) time you masturbated?
Do you prefer talking or texting?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done to attract a crush?
Things you want to say to your current boss.
According to you, who has bad teeth? Ok, so Brush their teeth.
Send a request to a random guy on Facebook and message them to accept the request immediately.
What about skinny dipping?
The reason behind your fit body… Routine exercise or Steroids.
Perform 50 squats.
Have a vinegar shot.
Mimic the person you hate for 10 mins.
Call your partner and tell him/her you were cheating on them.
Pay the bill for dinner.
Has anyone ever walked in on you in the bathroom?
Have you ever worn a dress?
Send your one photo to your boss.
Call the last person you texted and shout on him/her.
Talk to yourself in the mirror.
If you were a biker, what would your biker nickname be?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
Wear your underwear over your head for the entire game.
Pretending like you are in front of your crush.
Go out and say I love you to the first person you meet.
Go on the road and stop a car by dancing.
Nachos. What would you put on yours?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Have you ever looked in the mirror and winked at yourself?
Have you ever pretended to be a woman?
Text the first person, who is live on Facebook with Hi. And reply with just Hi, 10 times.
For the next 5 minutes, act as if you are a Dog.
Take a selfie and upload it now, without any filters.
Make the first five emoji faces that you have used recently.
Get on your knees, till your turn.
Like every post of the person, you get to see the first on Facebook.
How many selfies do you take a day?
Rate everyone here you love the most, from 1 to 10.
If there were a food that you absolutely couldn’t give up, what would it be?
How often do you pee in the shower?
OR if you could make any animal your pet, what would it be and why?
We want to see what you have in your purse.
Sing like you are an opera singer.
If you could legally change your middle name, what would it be?
Share your feelings you have while it’s love at first sight.
If you were a cartoon character, who would you be?
Call an old friend of yours and tell him/her that they were your first crush.
Do you want to?
Suggestions for each person here, for their personality and behavior.
Call home and inform your family that you are married now.
Things that make you feel proud of yourself.
If you made up an ice cream flavor, what would be in it?
Have you ever watched really terrible children’s television just because you were bored?
Do the 40 Pushups.
Pick up anything from here and eat it seductively.
Definition of a perfect partner from your viewpoints.
Have you ever tried walking in heels?
Have you ever been kicked out of a public place?
Color your front two teeth with two different colors.
Tell your mobile password.
If you had a really fluffy bunny, what would you name it?
Name three random things. Just do it!
Give us a demo of what you have a plan to propose.
Keep slapping your self till your turn.
Just “Unfriend” that one, you are talking most these days.
Sing and dance like you go mad.
Give the name of the person, you want to lock in the bathroom.
Eat ice cream with tomato sauce.
We want you to sing for us, in an evil voice.
Shows us your recent search history.
Name of the school teacher you secretly liked in our school days.
Share your first job experience with us.
Change your relationship status from Relationship to single, and vice versa.
Do you know how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism?
Just ask for a cup of sugar, from your neighbor.
Have you ever been streaking?
We are hungry. So just order pizza for us.
Call the waiter and sing a romantic song for him.
Finish this statement: “Look out! It’s a _____!”
Do you want to?
Go and just hug a tree, till your neighbor notices you.
Call the 18th contact number in your phonebook, and wish Happy birthday.
Dance with the mop.
Take a selfie with the person next to you and post with an emotional caption.
Talk continuously without pause.
Have you ever put on makeup?
Say alphabets, But in Reverse.
Pluck three of your nose hair.
If you could give your bunny a super power of some kind, what would it be?
Do you call your muscles “guns?”
That fear from the current relationship, you hide inside.
Did it work?
OR if you could become any animal, what would it be and why?
Do you delete them or keep them?
Kill, screw, or marry: Miss Piggy, the flying dog from Never Ending Story, or Tweetie bird?
Ask for Indian food at a Chinese restaurant.
If you had a pet unicorn, what would you name it?
If you could do any kind of magic, what kind of magic would you do?
Describe the best things of everyone present here.
Share your awkward project presentation again.
Just go and talk to your crush.
Show us how you cry alone.
Act like a goat, learning alphabets
Time to headstand for 2 minutes.
Tell us about the last dream you can remember. Don’t leave any details out!
Have you ever lied on your resume to get a job?
What is one thing you are always losing?
What was your favorite childhood toy?
Have you ever told a secret after you were told not to?
What is your favorite snack from a vending machine?
What was the most embarrassing thing that you ever did while on a date?
What was the worst gift you ever received?
Are you always on time, or are you always late?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Do you prefer the big city or country life?
Tell us about the worst restaurant experience you ever had.
What is your worst habit?
What is the one thing you really like about yourself?
Do you have a bucket list? If so, what is one thing on that list?
Have you ever told someone you wouldn’t be home just so they wouldn’t come over to yours?
Have you ever taken a drink straight out of the carton?
If you were granted three wishes, what would they be?
What was the worst vacation you ever had?
Do you prefer the beach or the mountains?
What is one thing you did as a child that you still enjoy?
Have you ever kept a library book?
What is the angriest you’ve ever been?
Have you ever sent an inappropriate text to your mom or dad by accident?
Where is your favorite vacation spot?
What was the one thing you could never learn how to do no matter how hard you tried?
If you were given a million dollars, what would you do with it?
What is your favorite ride at the amusement park?
Knowing now what you didn’t know then, what would you have done differently?
Say the funniest joke you’ve ever heard.
If you could do one thing you did when you were a child, what would it be?
What is the best thing you ever bought?
Have you ever used a work computer for personal use?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator and if so who were you with?
Have you ever bought something to wear to an event and then returned it to the store when the event was over?
Have you ever been on a train?
Have you ever forgotten a special person’s birthday?
If you could hire someone to do one thing for you, what would it be?
Did you ever break up with someone just before a public holiday so that you didn’t have to buy them a gift?
Is there anything you regret buying, and if so, what is it?
If you could create your own job title, what would it be?
If you were to bury a time capsule, what is one thing you would put in it?
Have you ever played tennis?
What is the one thing you would stand in line for?
If you could choose a different career, what would it be and why?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
Did you ever sneak into an adult movie when you were underage?
If animals could talk, which one would you have a conversation with?
The last time you argued with someone, did you apologize first or was it the other person?
What is your least favorite household chore?
If you had a remote control that would operate anything, what would you control?
What is one job you would never want to do?
If you were invisible what is something you would do?
Who was your favorite teacher in school?
Is there any movie that always makes you cry?
What was your favorite childhood television show?
What is the strangest thing you have ever bought?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is something you most look forward to doing when you retire?
Have you ever fallen asleep in church?
What is your favorite thing to do with your leisure time?
If you were a giant, what would you like to do?
On a scale from 1-10, where does your patience fall?
Have you ever been golfing?
What is something you find absolutely disgusting to the point you get sick?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you in front of a crowd?
If there was one thing you could change about yourself, what would it be?
If you found a large amount of money, would you keep it or would you try to find the owner?
Is there any food that you can never eat?
What is something that you are not looking forward to?
What is the one thing you dislike about yourself?
Have you ever been on an airplane and if so where were you going?
Have you ever danced on a table when you were drunk?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your favorite sandwich?
Do you have a weird collection? If so, what?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What is your excuse to get out of exercising?
When you think that no one is listening, do you sing in the shower?
What was your favorite subject in school?
Do you prefer cats, dogs, or neither?
What are your favorite pizza toppings?
What makes you feel uncomfortable?
What is the one thing you are the most afraid of?
What is your favorite sport?
What makes you the happiest?
What is your favorite movie that you secretly know is actually terrible?
Have you ever shared chewing gum with anyone?
Have you ever lied about being sick so you could stay home from work or school?
Have you ever been arrested?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is your favorite music genre?
Have you ever bribed or flirted with a police officer to get out of a ticket?
What is the best gift you ever received?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
What is your least favorite part about family gatherings?
Have you ever complained about something at a restaurant just to get out of paying?
If anyone in your family could win an award for being the most annoying, who would it be?
What is the biggest secret that you kept from your parents when you were growing up?
What’s your biggest fear?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person but everyone thinks you did?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to anyone?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
What’s the drunkest you’ve ever been?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve had?
Who do you like the least in this room and why?
What’s your worst habit?
When was the last time you cried?
Who is your favorite person in you immediate family?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds only in your stomach?
What’s the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Would you date your high school crush today?
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
What’s the biggest misconception about you?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars if there were no other consequences?
What’s your biggest regret?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made?
What’s the longest time you’ve stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
When was the last time you lied?
Who are you secretly attracted to?
What, if any, sport do you absolutely hate against popular opinion?
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
What’s the worst date you’ve been on?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
What’s the worst thing anyone’s ever done to you?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
You’re in a public restroom and just pooped, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What’s the worst intimate experience you’ve ever had?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
What’s your biggest fantasy?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this room?
What’s the most trouble you’ve been in?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What’s the most unflattering school picture of you?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What’s something you’re glad your mum doesn’t know about you?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve had sex?
If you were to join the military what job do you think you’d enjoy the most?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone?
What is your guilty pleasure that you never tell anyone?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
What song do you enjoy in privacy?
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
What part of your body do you love and which part do you hate?
What is the single most painful experience of your life?
What salad dressing could you drink out of the bottle?
What is the largest amount of food you’ve eaten in one sitting?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?
True or false? You have a crush on an elderly person?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it’s illegal). What would you do?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone web browser?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your worst or most embarrassing habit?
What is your favorite type of ice cream?
What things do you not like about me?
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with for one day?
What is the craziest thing you have done while under the influence?
What color and kind of underwear are you wearing right now?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What was the last rate-R movie you watched?
What was your favorite childhood video game?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
What was the last thing you texted someone of the opposite sex?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
What is your favorite breed of dog?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
What is the most embarrassing situation you’ve ever been a part of?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your biggest pet peeve that other people do?
What is something you have done that has made you really proud?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
What is your favorite alcoholic beverage?
What is your biggest and most irrational fear?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering photo of you?
What’s one thing you would never eat on a first date?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone’s body, who would you want to become?
How many people have you kissed?
What does “wife / husband material” mean to you?
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
Name a person you hate, without any solid reason.
What’s the one thing you wish you could unsee?
What’s the one thing you’d never say to a crush?
Have any inventive ideas or crazy visions? Something that the world needs the most.
If you could spend every waking moment with your gf or bf, would you?
Who would you hate to see naked?
What’s the biggest secret you’ve kept from your parents?
If you could date anyone, living or dead, who would it be?
Would you rather eat fish food or cat food?
If you had nine lives, what would you do that you wouldn’t do now?
If you could choose to never sweat for the rest of your life or never have to use the bathroom, which would you choose?
Who’s the queen bee of your friend group?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
Have you ever received a nude selfie and if so who was it from?
What would be the worst part about getting pantsed in front of your crush?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
How long have you gone without a shower?
If you had to date a plant, what kind of plant would you date and why?
Do you currently have a crush on anyone and if so how would you describe them?
Who’s the hottest person in your entire school/company?
What is your worst job interview experience?
If you could trade places with a famous person for a day, what’s the first thing you’d do?
What is the most attractive feature on the human body?
What’s the longest you’ve ever gone without a shower?
Would you date two people simultaneously if you could get away with it?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you in public?
What’s the one thing you’d change about your daily life?
When is the last time you lied to a friend to get out of doing something?
What animal most closely resembles your eating style?
Who in this room do you most want to skinny dip with?
What would you do if you ran out of toilet paper in a public bathroom just after taking a big poop?
If you had to date an animal, what kind of animal would you date?
If you could be a member of the opposite sex for a day, what’s the first thing you’d do?
What was your absolute worst bathroom experience?
That ridiculous thing, you cried alone.
Share with us your worst online date ever.
Have you ever stolen something from a travel hotel?
Have you ever pranked any innocent person that you still regret?
Where you can see yourself after 5 years, Describe us.
If you could do anything without getting caught, what would it be?
What’s one food that you will never order at a restaurant?
Have you ever sent someone a nude selfie and if so who?
If you could play a prank on anyone without getting caught, who would you play it on?
If you could be reincarnated as someone in this room, who would you want to be?
What’s your grossest personal habit?
Would you rather not shower for a month, or eat the same meal every day for a month?
If you had to date one of your teachers, who would it be?
Is it better to use shampoo as soap or soap as shampoo?
What did you learn in school that you wish you could forget?
What’s your biggest pet peeve?
If you could write your own law that everyone had to follow, what would it be?
Who’s the last person you cyberstalked?
What animal most closely resembles you?
Beauty or Brain? What’s your choice to have?
What’s the biggest secret you’ve kept from your best friend?
Who in this room do you most want to see in a bikini?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
How many times do you feel like, It’s true love?
That secret worst habits of yours, that no one knows about you.
What would the prank be?
Name an animal that is actually a nightmare for you.
Be frank, How many dating sites you’re registered in?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done to get a crush’s attention?
What’s the best lie you’ve ever told without anyone finding out (until now)?
Tell us the truth, How many times have you come to college without a shower?
Have you ever pass the blame on someone? An incident, you still regretting for.
Who in this room do you think would make the best kisser?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher and if so who?
Have you ever sent a sext and if so to who?
Which application consumes your most time?
If you could trade places with your mom or your dad for 24 hours, who would you pick and what would you do?
Who’s the “Bey and Jay” of your school?
Who is the ugliest person in this room?
What would you say if you had to pretend to like a present?
Have you been caught cheating in the exams?
When’s the last time you lied to your parents and why?
Who do you think is the Beyonce of the group?
What’s the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
If your car broke down in the middle of the road, who in this room would be the last person you would call? Why?
Describe everyone here in just one word. But, only things, you hate about them.
What is your current crush’s personality like?
What’s the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
If you could prank anyone without getting caught, who would it be and what would you do?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift? How did you pretend?
Who do you resent and why?
What’s your biggest turn-on?
If you could only text one person for the rest of your life, but you could never talk to that person’s face to face, who would that be?
What’s the worst weather to be stuck outside in if all you could wear was a bathing suit?
If you had five lives, what would you do that you wouldn’t do with only one?
Have you ever skipped a bath? How many times?
The person you want to be stuck in a lift with. Give us a reason, why?
What pictures or videos of you do you wish didn’t exist?
When was the last time you told a lie?
If you had to date someone in this room, who would it be?
What is your least favorite household chore?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
What is your favorite thing to do with your leisure time?
When is the last time you threw up?
Where is one place that you had such a bad experience that you will ever visit again?
What was the most embarrassing moment of your life?
Have you ever cried from watching a TV show or a movie?
What would you do with a million dollars?
Do you think that you and your current girlfriend or boyfriend will ever be married?
Among all the people in this room, which guy/girl would you like to date?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person but everyone thinks you did?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when you were taking a dump in the bathroom?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain two hundred pounds only in your stomach?
If someone heard you snoring, would they say it’s obnoxiously loud?
What is the one thing you would stand in line for?
Do you pick your nose when you’re alone?
What are your top three turn-ons?
Have you ever shared chewing gum with anyone?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
Have you ever been to jail?
What is something you look forward to doing when you retire?
If you could have someone else’s life for a week, whose would it be?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave behind one person from this room, who would it be?
Have you ever complained about something at a restaurant just to get out of paying?
If you were a superhero, what would your power be?
Where is your favorite place to shop?
Have you ever been humiliated? Explain what happened and how you felt.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you were marooned on an island with one person whom you know personally, who would it be?
If you had a remote control that would operate anything, what would you control?
What is that one thing you would never do even if someone offered you all of the money in the world?
What happened on your most awkward date?
What is the one thing you dislike about yourself?
Where is the weirdest place that you have gone to the bathroom?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
If you could do so, what would you change your name to?
What is your biggest insecurity?
What is a guilty pleasure that you never told anyone?
What is the most that you have ever had to drink?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Would you ever be polygamous?
Have you ever farted loudly in class or in another social setting?
If you were granted three wishes, what would they be?
When was a time that someone really betrayed your trust?
Would you choose to save a hundred people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
Have you ever committed a crime and if so, what was it?
If animals could talk, which one would you have a conversation with?
Would you ever cheat on your significant other if they said it was okay?
What is one thing/activity that makes you relax?
Have you ever eaten food off the floor?
Have you ever laughed so hard that you cried?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Have you ever tasted earwax?
Do you pee in the shower?
If you could create your own job title, what would it be?
Who would be the most annoying and the most fun out of the group to be stuck in an elevator with?
Which one would you rather choose: Being naked for everyone to see or thought bubbles appearing above your head for everyone to read?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever peed in a pool full of people?
Have you ever stolen anything?
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a boyfriend or girlfriend?
What is the naughtiest thing you’ve done in public?
What is one secret that you kept from your parents when you were growing up?
Who is your favorite person in your immediate family?
What is the meanest thing that you have done?
Have you ever flirted with a police officer to get out of a ticket?
If you and one person in this room could be the last people on earth left alive, who would that person be?
What is the favorite thing that your boyfriend or girlfriend does?
Which player would you like to swap lives with for a week?
Have you ever lied to your partner to avoid an intimate moment, for example, say that you felt sick?
What is the grossest habit that you have?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What was the worst experience that you have ever had with the police?
What sport, if any, do you absolutely hate against popular opinion?
Have you ever performed a striptease for anyone before?
Have you ever lied about being sick so you could stay home from work or school?
What’s the most ridiculous reason that you have ever broken up with someone over?
Tell me about your first kiss.
Tell me something you don’t want me to know.
Do you have a bucket list and if so, what is one thing on that list?
Who do you think is the worst-dressed person in this room?
True or false: You have a crush on an elderly person?
Which person in the room do you think gossips the most?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Who have you loved but they didn’t love you back?
If you found a large amount of money, would you keep it or would you try to find the owner?
Have you ever shared a secret you shouldn’t have or promised you wouldn’t?
Who is the sexiest person here?
Have you ever kept a library book?
If you had to kiss one of the players, who would it be?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Would you rather be rich or famous? You cannot be both.
What item do you own that is really embarrassing?
Have you ever forgotten a special person’s birthday?
What was the last thing you texted someone of the opposite gender?
If you were to bury a time capsule, what is one thing you would put in it?
What is something you used to do that makes you cringe now?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
What don’t you like about your boyfriend or girlfriend?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of one to ten?
When was a time that you completely lost it?
Where is the strangest place you have peed?
Who are you secretly attracted to?
What habit can’t you seem to quit?
What was your first kiss like?
If anyone in your family could win an award for being the most annoying, who would it be?
What was the one thing you could never learn how to do no matter how hard you tried?
What is your favorite snack from a vending machine?
What is a bad habit that you have?
Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did and if so, what happened?
When was the last time you picked your nose without a tissue?
What’s the first thing you would do if you were invisible?
What is the most embarrassing nickname that someone has given you?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars if there were no other consequences?
What is the most embarrassing thing that you have ever done in front of a crush?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
Did your parents ever give you the ‘birds and the bees’ talk?
Have you ever pooped your pants in public?
What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?
What is the craziest thing you have done while under the influence?
Do you have a weird collection?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
Could you survive without any phone or Internet for a month?
You might think that one of your friends or family made a terrible decision for life and if so, tell us what they did.
What is your guilty pleasure?
Name a famous person with who you would like to be friends.
How many people have you kissed?
Has it ever been hinted at that you like people of the same sex and if so, what happened, and how did you react?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
What is the longest amount of time that you have ever been awake?
Have you ever cheated on anyone who you were with romantically?
What is your biggest regret?
What is one thing you are always losing?
What lie have you told that hurt someone?
Do you think kittens are cute?
If you could say anything to one person in your life without any consequences, what would it be?
What is something childish that you still do?
Have you ever fallen asleep in church?
Who was your first crush?
Would you ever donate an organ to someone in this room?
Name ten body parts that your partner likes to kiss.
What is your deepest darkest fear?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
What did you think of me when you first met me?
Who do you hate and why?
Is there anything about your life you would change?
If you could date anyone in the world, who would you date?
How many people have you kissed?
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
Who do I remind you of?
What’s your biggest turn-on?
What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
What the biggest deal-breaker for you?
What’s your worst fart story?
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush’s attention?
Would you ever be mean to someone if it meant you could save a close friend from embarrassment?
How far would you go on a first date?
When you were 6, what did you want to be when you grew
Have you ever cursed at your parents and if so, why?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
Describe your perfect date.
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
What’s something you want me to do for you?
Your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
Best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
Do you currently have a crush on anyone?
When was your sexual awakening?
Have you ever sent someone the wrong text?
What are you wearing?
What’s your biggest turn-off?
What is your crush’s personality like?
What is the last video you watched on YouTube?
Do you prefer swimming in rivers or oceans?
Did you ever break up with someone and then sleep with them again?
What is your opinion of hickies?
How often do you check yourself out in the mirror when you’re on a date?
Would you choose a wild, hot relationship or a calm and stable one?
What would you buy me if I gave you fifty dollars?
Do you have a hot cousin?
What’s one thing you would never do in front of someone you had a crush on?
How would you rate your own looks on a scale of one to ten?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
When did you watch adults-only movies for the first time?
Who’s the one that got away?
If I looked in your nightstand/under your bed, what would I find?
What is the most stupid thing you have ever done to get noticed by someone?
What did you think of me when you first met me?
Have you ever stalked someone on Facebook?
Who here has the best smile?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Do you have a name for your special places?
What is your wildest fantasy?
Have you ever cried because of me?
Who is the one person you most regret kissing?
If you feel you need to hire someone to do one thing that you can’t do yourself, what would it be?
Where did you get your attractive face from, your parents or grandparents?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
Rate me on a scale of one to ten, with ten being the hottest.
Would you go out with me if I was the last person on earth?
How far would you go with someone you just met and will never see again?
If I was a food, what would I be and how would you eat me?
Do you trim down there?
Who do you want to make out with the most?
Last time you cried?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you did while drunk? Describe in detail.
Imagine yourself as a college student… What would you be like?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would it be?
Have you ever asked your teacher out for coffee?
Have you ever shared your chewing gum with someone?
What is your favorite place to spend time?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Have you ever danced in front of a mirror?
Given the choice, would you want to hang out with your parents?
How many cigarettes do you smoke a day, if any?
Explain what the five major qualities required for your future wife/husband are.
What are those things about yourself that you feel guilty about?
If you could have one celebrity follow you on Instagram, who would that be?
Who here would you like to propose to if you get a chance?
How do you react if your parents give more importance to your sibling than you?
Would you go to a nudist beach?
Have you ever felt bad about your body size?
What’s your biggest fear about college?
What about alcohol?
What is the best thing you like as a teenager?
Do you want to have kids and if so, how many?
If I gave you a chance to touch one of my body parts, which part you would choose?
Have you ever shared your chewing gum with someone?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, what would it be?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Who here would you like to propose to if you get a chance?
Have you ever tried drugs?
With whom would you want to go for a long drive and why?
Tell me what the craziest thing is that you’ve ever done in your school days?
What is your dream job?
Are you still a virgin?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Given the choice, would you want to hang out with your parents?
What is your favorite place to spend time?
Would you go to a nudist beach?
Have you ever tried drugs?
What would you do if you found out you flunked school?
Have you ever received any love letters and if yes, read them aloud.
How do you react if your parents give more importance to your sibling than you?
What is your special talent?
Are you still a virgin?
What is your perfect pickup line?
What is your special talent?
If you could have one celebrity follow you on Instagram, who would that be?
Which song are you embarrassed that you love?
Tell me what the craziest thing is that you’ve ever done in your school days?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, what would it be?
Tell us five secrets of yours.
Imagine yourself as a college student… What would you be like?
What is the best thing you like as a teenager?
Suppose you are alone in your home for three days, what would you do?
What’s your biggest fear about college?
Would you want your best friend to go to the same college as you?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would it be?
With whom would you want to go for a long drive and why?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Which song are you embarrassed that you love?
Tell me five names of your crushes.
Have you ever felt bad about your body size?
What was your childhood nickname?
Suppose you are alone in your home for three days, what would you do?
Do you want to have kids and if so, how many?
Have you ever danced in front of a mirror?
How many hours would you spend online if you didn’t have school or homework?
Who are you jealous of?
Who are you jealous of?
Would you want your best friend to go to the same college as you?
Have you ever smoked?
How many cigarettes do you smoke a day, if any?
Explain what the five major qualities required for your future wife/husband are.
How many hours would you spend online if you didn’t have school or homework?
What is your dream job?
What was your childhood nickname?
Tell me five names of your crushes.
If I gave you a chance to touch one of my body parts, which part you would choose?
Have you ever cried like a baby while watching a movie?
What would you do if you found out you flunked school?
Have you ever smoked?
What are those things about yourself that you feel guilty about?
Have you ever asked your teacher out for coffee?
Tell us five secrets of yours.
What about alcohol?
What is your perfect pickup line?
Have you ever cried like a baby while watching a movie?
Have you ever received any love letters and if yes, read them aloud(in voice chat).
If you could be a Disney character, who would you be and why?
Do you have an imaginary friend?
If you could invent anything, what would it be?
How many family members do you have?
Have you ever kissed someone?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Have you ever broken anything and blamed another?
Have you ever peed on the bed?
Ask a neighbor for a roll of toilet paper.
If Aladdin’s genie visited you, what would be your three wishes?
Who is your best friend in the whole wide world?
What is the most annoying thing on earth for you?
Have you ever lied?
Can you be in a dark room alone?
Have you peed in a pool?
Which Harry Potter character would you like to be and why?
If you got hold of a time machine, ‘when’ would you like to go?
Would you rather be a princess or a mermaid?
Can you watch a horror movie alone?
If you could be a superhero, what would your power be?
If you could switch places with someone for a day, who would it be?
Do you bite your nails?
Who scolds you the most?
Which are the funniest words you know?
What kind of person do you want to marry someday?
Do you fear ghosts?
Do you still love watching cartoons?
When was the last time you were bored out of your brains?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Stand in your front yard, wave and say ‘Hi!’ to everyone you see.
Have you ever lied and given the excuse of stomach pain for not attending school?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
Would you rather have a pet or a sibling?
Can you speak in different languages?
What’s your favorite Disney movie and why?
What is the worst gift you have ever received?
What would be your new name, if you were allowed to choose one?
Whom do you love the most: Mom or Dad?
Sing your favorite song in a funny voice.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Do you have a diary?
What’s your best friend’s name?
Who do you have a crush on?
Did you ever feed a pet under the table to escape a meal?
Do you have any secrets?
Do you sneak snacks when your mom isn’t looking?
What does your sibling know about you that no one else does?
What is one annoying habit of each person in the room?
Have you ever sneaked into the kitchen while everyone was asleep to eat ice cream?
Have you ever lied to a teacher and if so, what was it about?
